attention friends number which is called
plane to Murmansk your treason you
beat the box go
of how to pass on left 7
little parent shit expensive passengers
you are greeted by russian airlines
evil is a pity but no smoking here
here don't smoke it action but go
briefly explain the belt belt
comprehend remove the feet of the next seat
remove the legs of the neighboring village of
put the seat past the legs remove
cool just to kill the mage I do not know where
air just take your feet away
where we fly we fly to Odessa and i'm flying
Murman well, you can see Mura
they are well in Odessa yes hipsters we are now
will take off
take off take off board 2717
give permission to bang something for
don't want to calm down pavlova
dear passengers under your seats
is on yes say I will finally give
draw
what will it be a matter of legality well
we would probably answer this
watermelon we have no watermelon nothing
and what advice Russian
by the way fine just give
nobody will pulit on the steering wheel to the
and will give you the lowest cost will
I would remind me of a monster with
which we flew
how much 12 hours flew to Vietnam like that
as ugly as you
fought in vietnam no no just fought
love lived-were in one of the soil we all
already arrive on the landing, let
go out let's go nowhere to go
Odessa is already Odessa Odessa is not the next
This is Odessa, let's Odessa two days
the hosts don't need i'm flying even you
confused the plane your problems
I will confuse the plane to give up remaining
I was scared, my start will be taken by someone
the place was about a dredge she wouldn't have any fights
there was a fight
how was it and where besides so i'm handsome
let's let's let's go to the exit
to exit to exit to exit on the log and
listen natasha
even let's not private at home
dance we do not provide such services
Thurman I can’t see if it’s a no
we were all provided so you were
Tass poured the entire cabin to the toilet beat
on the wing of the shaft I will go out in Odessa